add dynamic route section to Next.js Pages guide (#3100)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/framework-guides/deploy-a-nextjs-site.md

After deploying your site, you will receive a unique subdomain for your project on `*.pages.dev`.
Every time you commit new code to your Next.js site, Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it. You will also get access to [preview deployments](/platform/preview-deployments) on new pull requests, so you can preview how changes look to your site before deploying them to production.

## Dynamic Routes

Next.js [Dynamic Routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/routing/dynamic-routes) require a rewrite that can be added using [Functions](/pages/platform/functions). Consider the following dynamic route: `pages/post/[pid].js`. To intercept all requests matching that route and serve `/post/[pid].html` (created when exporting your Next.js site) to them, add a function at `/functions/post/[pid].js` with the following content:

```js
export function onRequestGet({ env, request }) {
  return env.ASSETS.fetch(

>     new Request(new URL("/post/[pid]", request.url).toString(), request)

Reviewer: As written, this will be a hardcoded path to `/post/[pid]`.

> export function onRequestGet({ env, request }) {
>   return env.ASSETS.fetch(
>     new Request(new URL("/post/[pid]", request.url).toString(), request)
>   );
> }

Reviewer: No need to rewrite the URL. It's the same request but serving from a different location. 

```suggestion
export function onRequestGet({ env, request }) {
  return env.ASSETS.fetch(request);
}
```

Author: I don't think this is the case. What this should achieve is to fetch `/post/[pid].html` for any request matching `/post/[pid]`, so eg. `/post/1`, `/post/2` etc.
With the suggested change, if the incoming request is for `/post/1`, it would try to open `/post/1.html`, which does not exist.

```

> This function assumes that the Next.js [`trailingSlash` option](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/trailing-slash) is disabled (default). If you have the `trailingSlash` option enabled, the rewrite must point to `"/profiles/[profile]/"` (notice the trailing slash).

Reviewer: I don't think this makes a difference for static asset serving (what we're doing above). Pretty sure Next.js is equipped to handle `/about` and `/about/` the same way, even if one redirects to the other.

Author: ```suggestion
This function assumes that the Next.js [`trailingSlash` option](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/trailing-slash) is disabled (default). If you have the `trailingSlash` option enabled, the rewrite must point to `"/post/[pid]/"` (notice the trailing slash).
```

(I'll wait with this change, to see if there is anything else that need to change).

Reviewer: The `env.ASSETS.fetch` will auto-resolve the final file in the same way it would for a static Pages deployment. The bindings applies the same file-matching logic that the rest of Pages uses, so sending it `/foo` vs `/foo/` will both resolve to the `foo/index.html` file.

Author: @lukeed Yes, it will resolve to `foo/index.html`, but by returning a redirect and not by rewriting it internally. Taking the examples from https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/pull/3100#issuecomment-1009117445:

https://c3629fae.cf-pages-next-test.pages.dev/post/42 has `trailingSlash` enabled and ends up with a redirect loop.

It's fixed by adding the trailing slash as described in the document (see commit: https://github.com/rkusa/cf-pages-next-test/commit/7e1adaf3d806b25f4bccedfa8443025c86f92044). This fixes the redirect loop: https://5b584593.cf-pages-next-test.pages.dev/post/42/
